{"hook":"The headache always arrived at 4pm. Behind the right eye, ten minutes after the filter coffee and the two Marie biscuits. For years I called it stress.","body_lines":["","I live with a thyroid condition. I had migraines. Both real, both mine, both with a file in my doctor's cabinet.","By 2017 I had finished a half marathon. 82kg in 2014 at age 42, 62kg by that first race, three years of hard training in between.","Discipline was never my problem.","The scale moved. The 4pm headache did not.","Then came WILDFIT. Three months in, somebody finally asked me a different question. Not what are you eating. Why is your body asking at 4 o'clock, every single day, like a train that never runs late?","Two voices showed up in that hour.","One said: you are drained, you need something sweet, you have earned it. The wiser one said, when did you last drink water? When did you last eat fat and protein? Is this hunger, or is this a habit wearing hunger's clothes?","Amma knew this before any of it had a name. Saturday mornings in Chennai, warm sesame oil pressed into my scalp, then mor kuzhambu and a spoon of ghee on hot rice because the heat had gone up in me and she could read it in my eyes before I said a word.","She ate the season. She never called it a protocol. She called it Saturday.","Now I eat the season on purpose. Fat and protein on my plate before 8am. That 4pm train stopped running, and I remember the afternoon I noticed it had not arrived.","What changed for me was awareness, not willpower. My doctor still tracks my numbers, and every decision about my prescription lives in her room, not on my feed. If you have a diagnosed condition, keep your doctor in that conversation."],"takeaway":"Discipline fights the craving. Awareness reads it. My body had been talking the whole time.","question":"What time of day does your craving arrive, to the minute? Tell me the hour.","keywords":["WILDFIT coach","craving care","types of hunger","emotional hunger","listening to the body","midlife women","Chennai"],"keyword_rationale":"Operator note, fail loud: the brief's framing (WILDFIT reversed my thyroid condition and got rid of my migraines for good) cannot ship. The safety layer forbids cure, reversal or fix claims for a named condition, so this is rewritten as her own lived experience with a doctor referral, not softened. The keywords chosen (craving care, types of hunger, listening to the body, midlife women) match how midlife women actually search and speak about the 4pm slump, and repeating that vocabulary post after post is how the ranking model learns who her writing is for.","hashtags":["#HolisticHealth","#FoodPsychology","#MindfulEating","#CravingCare","#WILDFIT"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag for the health audience that finds her outside nutrition circles.","The post is about reading a craving's message, which is food psychology, not diet advice.","The turn in this post is noticing the 4pm signal, which is what mindful eating actually means.","Her own tag for the craving work that runs through everything she teaches.","Names the method she has coached since 2019, so her body of work stays connected."],"comment_a":"The part I left out of the post: for the first two weeks of those three months, the 4pm craving got louder, not quieter. I stopped arguing with it and started writing down the hour, what I had eaten at breakfast, and how much water I had drunk. The pattern showed up on paper before it showed up in my body. What does your 4pm actually reach for, coffee or something sweet?","comment_b":"One more detail. The morning plate that changed my afternoons was not exotic: two eggs cooked in ghee, a fistful of coconut, and no sweet chai to wash it down. Chennai heat made me think I needed the sugar, when most days it was thirst.","repost_caption":"Reposting this because three people asked me the same thing this week: is my afternoon headache food or stress? I spent eleven years assuming stress. Here is the hour that told me otherwise.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading it. Now I am curious, does your craving have a fixed time in the day, or does it move?","Mine was ghee, coconut and eggs at breakfast instead of chai with two sugars. That one swap is what quietened the 4pm ask for me. What does your first meal of the day look like right now?","You are right that stress is part of it, I am not arguing with that. What I found in my own body was that stress plus an empty morning plate was a different animal from stress alone, and I could only change one of those before 8am."],"publish_window":"8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"}