{"hook":"A woman messaged me last week asking whether food could get her off her tablets. I sat with that question for two days before I answered it.","body_lines":["","Here is what I will not do: I will not tell anyone to come off their tablets. That page belongs to you and your doctor.","What I can tell you is what happened in my own body.","In 2014 I was 82kg and 42 years old. Three years of hard training later, in 2017, I ran my first half marathon at 62kg. The scale moved. The four o'clock crash did not.","I would come home and eat murukku standing at the steel dabba, without ever deciding to.","One voice said: you ran twenty one kilometres, you have earned this. The wiser one said: you never asked what this was. You just fed it.","Nobody had taught me to read hunger. Is this my body, or my mind, or my emotions? Am I hungry, or only thirsty? Or is it simply four o'clock, and this is what four o'clock has always done in my house?","Then, my kitchen ran on habit. Now it runs on season: sundal through Navratri, tender coconut through the Agni Nakshatram weeks in Chennai.","Last Sunday I ate ven pongal with ghee melting into a small crater at the centre, cracked pepper and curry leaves going soft in it, and I ate slowly enough to hear my body say enough, a sentence I never heard in the year I spent counting everything.","I stopped depending on daily pills myself. I will not hand that to you as a promise, because your body is not my body, and your doctor knows things about you that I never will."],"takeaway":"Cravings are not weakness. They are information. Read them, and the freedom is yours.","question":"If you are on daily medication and want to look at food alongside it, never instead of it, message me with one line: what time does your craving arrive, and what does it always ask for?","keywords":["craving care","listening to the body","emotional hunger","types of hunger","midlife women","Chennai"],"keyword_rationale":"This piece is about reading hunger rather than obeying it, so craving care, types of hunger and listening to the body are the honest vocabulary, not decoration. Midlife women and Chennai signal who is being spoken to and from where. Using the same terms consistently across posts is how the ranking model learns the topic and the audience of this page, which is a discoverability point, not a reach promise.","hashtags":["#HealthCoach","#FoodPsychology","#MindfulEating","#CravingCare"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that places the post in the health coaching conversation without overclaiming.","The post is about the message inside a craving, which is food psychology, not diet advice.","The pongal moment is literally about eating slowly enough to hear the body.","Her own tag, and craving care is the exact method this post demonstrates."],"comment_a":"One line I want to say plainly, because the original question deserves it: I am a WILDFIT coach, not a doctor, and I will never write about coming off prescribed medication. What I coach is how to read hunger, so that the food side of your life stops working against you. If you are on daily medication, what does your doctor already say about your food?","comment_b":"The detail I left out: the murukku was never the problem. The problem was that I had never once asked, before eating, what kind of hunger had walked in with me. That question took me longer to learn than the half marathon did.","repost_caption":"Different door into the same idea. Discipline was never my problem. I trained for three years and the scale moved twenty kilos, and the four o'clock crash stayed exactly where it was. Nobody had taught me to read hunger.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading it. Tell me one thing though: what time of day does your craving usually show up?","Good question. For me it was 4pm, and it always asked for something crunchy and salty, never sweet. That pattern is what told me it was conditioning, not my body.","You are right that food alone is not the whole story, and I would never claim it is. What I do say is that most people have never checked what their hunger is actually asking for, and that part is worth checking."],"publish_window":"8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"}