{"hook":"For years, the first thing I touched every morning wasn't a glass of water. It was a pill box.","body_lines":["I was in my 40s, doing everything I was told to do.","Taking the medication. Showing up for the tests. Hoping the numbers would move.","They didn't. And nobody was asking the one question that changed everything for me:","\"Rakhee, what are you eating every day?\"","Not \"eat less.\" Not \"walk more.\" What, specifically, is on your plate — and what is it doing to your blood sugar, your inflammation, your hormones, your sleep?","When I finally changed the food, my body responded faster than I expected.","Energy first. Then sleep. Then the numbers.","And eventually, with my doctor monitoring every step, my prescriptions were reviewed — and reduced.","Let me be very clear about two things, because this matters:","1. Do not stop or change a single medication on your own. Ever. That conversation belongs to you and your doctor.","2. But also — do not assume your dose is your destiny.","So many women over 45 have quietly accepted that the pill box only gets bigger from here.","That the fatigue is just age. That the weight is just menopause. That the numbers are just genetics.","Food is not a replacement for medicine. It is the variable most of us have never seriously tested.","Fix the food first. Then let your doctor look at the numbers again and decide what you still need.","That's the work I do with women every day now — and it's the reason I no longer plan my mornings around a pill box."],"takeaway":"Your medication is a bridge, not a life sentence. Change what's on your plate, track your numbers, and let your doctor tell you what your body still needs — you may be surprised how much less that is.","question":"If your doctor told you today that food could change your dose, what's the one eating habit you know you'd have to face first?","keywords":["WILDFIT coach","health and nutrition coach","women over 45","daily medication","blood sugar","menopause nutrition","food as medicine","habit change","energy and sleep","reduce inflammation"],"keyword_rationale":"Targets the search and feed language of the core audience — women over 45 managing daily medication, blood sugar and menopause symptoms — while anchoring Rakhee's WILDFIT coaching identity for discovery by people looking for a nutrition coach rather than a diet plan.","hashtags":["#WILDFIT","#WomensHealth","#NutritionCoach","#HealthAfter45","#FoodAsMedicine","#MenopauseHealth","#BloodSugarBalance","#HealthyHabits"],"hashtag_notes":["#WILDFIT connects to the certified method and existing community.","#WomensHealth and #HealthAfter45 reach the core demographic.","#FoodAsMedicine and #BloodSugarBalance attract readers already searching for non-diet answers.","#MenopauseHealth captures the symptom cluster this audience is actively googling.","Keep to 6-8 tags; more dilutes reach."],"comment_a":"To be responsible about this: I am a health and nutrition coach, not a doctor. I never advise anyone to change a medication. What I do is help you change the food, then send you back to your doctor with better numbers and let them make the call. That order matters.","comment_b":"If you're reading this with your own pill box on the counter and thinking \"I've tried everything\" — you probably haven't tried this. Send me a DM with the word FOOD and I'll share what the first 30 days actually look like. No pressure, no pitch.","repost_caption":"Reposting this because my inbox is full of women over 45 who were told their dose would only go up. Food is the variable most of them have never truly tested.","reply_templates":["Thank you for sharing this — you're not alone in it. What does a typical breakfast look like for you right now? That's usually where I start.","I hear this a lot. The fatigue gets written off as age far too often. Would you like me to send you the two questions I ask every new client before we change anything?","Completely agree — medication saves lives, and nothing here says otherwise. My point is only that food deserves the same seriousness we give the prescription.","Happy to talk it through. Drop me a DM and tell me a little about your numbers and your mornings — I'll tell you honestly whether coaching is the right fit for you.","That's a great question, and the honest answer is: it depends on your body and your doctor. What I can promise is more energy and better sleep long before any number moves.","Your doctor should absolutely be part of this conversation. In fact, I'd encourage you to tell them you're changing your food and ask them to retest in 90 days."],"publish_window":"Tuesday or Wednesday, 7:30-9:00 AM local time"}