{"hook":"Someone on a corporate call last month asked me for my fasting hours.\nI asked back: at 4 pm, is your stomach empty, or is the meeting just long?","body_lines":["","I cannot hand anyone a clock. No hours, no protocol, no Monday start line. That conversation belongs with your own doctor, especially if there is any medication or diagnosis in the picture.","What I can tell you is what happened in my body.","For years my day was decided before I opened my eyes. Filter coffee before six. Idli when the cooker whistled. Biscuits when the tray came around at eleven, because the tray came around at eleven.","None of that was hunger. It was a timetable I inherited.","2014, I was 82kg. 2017, I was 62kg at my first half marathon, after three years of hard training. The scale moved. The 4 pm biscuit did not move at all. Discipline was never my problem. Nobody had taught me how to read hunger.","Now the argument in my head goes like this. One voice says, it is four, you always have something at four. The wiser one asks, is your mouth dry or is your stomach empty? Water first.","So I pause.","And when real hunger does show up, food tastes like something again: curd rice with the last of the Salem mangoes cut into it, a spoon of ghee going soft on the top, tamarind rice powder on the side of the plate, warm enough that I slow down and actually taste the meal instead of eating it standing at the kitchen counter reading Slack.","The corporate teams I work with, in Chennai and over Zoom, do not need my window. They need to know which hunger is knocking at 3:45."],"takeaway":"A clock cannot tell you when you are hungry. Your body has been sending the message all along. Awareness is the only schedule that travels with you.","question":"What time of day does your craving arrive most reliably, and what is happening in the room when it does?","keywords":["types of hunger","thirst hunger","conditioning hunger","craving care","corporate teams","listening to the body"],"keyword_rationale":"Flagging clearly: the requested 16:8 schedule with hours could not ship. Her safety layer forbids fasting durations and protocols, so this post carries her own lived experience instead and sends clock questions to a doctor. The keywords chosen (types of hunger, thirst hunger, conditioning hunger, craving care) are the vocabulary she uses consistently across her writing, so the ranking model keeps learning that her posts belong to food psychology rather than diet plans. Corporate teams and listening to the body point the post at the audience in the brief, the 3:45 biscuit tray crowd.","hashtags":["#HealthCoach","#FoodPsychology","#MindfulEating","#CravingCare","#WILDFIT"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that places her correctly for readers browsing coaching content.","The post is about reading a craving as information, which is food psychology, not nutrition math.","The turn in the post is a pause before eating, the core of mindful eating.","Her own tag, and this post is literally a craving care demonstration at 4 pm.","Her method tag, so returning readers can find the rest of the thinking."],"comment_a":"The reason I refuse to post hours: I have watched people follow a stranger's window perfectly and still feel the 4 pm pull, because the pull was never about time. If you want the questions I actually ask myself before I eat, say the word here and I will share them in this thread. What time is your pull?","comment_b":"One real detail the post did not carry: what finally quietened my mornings was not a clock, it was protein and healthy fats arriving at my first meal instead of at dinner. After that, the eleven o'clock biscuit tray simply stopped being interesting to me.","repost_caption":"The biscuit tray at eleven and the samosa at four are not hunger, they are furniture. I lived by that furniture for years while training for a half marathon. Reposting this one for anyone whose afternoon has a fixed appointment with food.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading it. Now I am curious about yours: is your craving a morning one or a 4 pm one?","Fair question. In my own case it was the mouth, not the stomach. Water first, then I waited, and the pull passed often enough that I stopped arguing with it. Your doctor is the right person for anything involving timing and medication.","You are right that structure helps some people, I will not argue with that. My caution is only about handing out hours as a rule, because I followed rules for three years and still could not read my own hunger."],"publish_window":"8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"}