{
  "hook": "I start eating at 11 am and stop by 7 pm. No apps, no alarms.",
  "body_lines": [
    "It began as an experiment after a 14-hour workday left me raiding the office pantry at 9 pm.",
    "I noticed my hunger wasn't random—it followed the light, not the clock.",
    "",
    "My body asked for food when the sun was high, not when my inbox pinged.",
    "",
    "I shifted my window to match that rhythm: first bite at 11 am, last bite by 7 pm.",
    "No calorie counting. No meal plans. Just watching when my energy dipped and rose.",
    "",
    "The craving for chai at 4 pm? That was thirst hunger, not food hunger.",
    "The 3 pm slump? My body asking for movement, not another biscuit.",
    "",
    "I kept a notebook for 21 days. Not to track weight, but to note how my focus changed.",
    "",
    "By week three, the afternoon crash had softened. My evenings felt lighter, not deprived.",
    "",
    "This isn't about skipping breakfast. It's about letting digestion rest when the body naturally slows.",
    "",
    "I still eat my tamarind rice on Sundays. The window bends for ritual, never breaks.",
    "",
    "The freedom came not from the hours, but from listening to the pause between bites."
  ],
  "takeaway": "Your body knows its rhythm. The clock is just a suggestion.",
  "question": "Try this for three days: eat only between 11 am and 7 pm. What shifts in your energy or cravings by day three?",
  "keywords": [
    "WILDFIT coach",
    "food freedom",
    "types of hunger",
    "listening to the body",
    "corporate teams",
    "afternoon crash"
  ],
  "keyword_rationale": "These terms reflect the core method of distinguishing hunger types and applying it to corporate routines where energy crashes and cravings are common. They align with the audience's lived experience and the coach's proven framework.",
  "hashtags": [
    "#WILDFIT",
    "#FoodFreedom",
    "#CorporateWellness"
  ],
  "hashtag_notes": [
    "Tags the coaching methodology central to the post.",
    "Highlights the outcome of understanding hunger beyond willpower.",
    "Speaks directly to the target audience of workplace wellness."
  ],
  "comment_a": "I’ve used this 11 am to 7 pm window for over five years now. It’s not rigid—I shift it for travel or family meals. The key is returning to the rhythm that feels like nourishment, not punishment. What’s one small way you could test your own eating window this week?",
  "comment_b": "One detail I didn’t mention: I break my fast with a handful of soaked almonds and a glass of water. It’s gentle on the gut and signals to my body that food is coming. No coffee first—it used to spike my hunger.",
  "repost_caption": "What if your eating schedule followed your energy, not your meetings? A simple shift in timing can change how you feel by 5 pm.",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thank you—I’m glad it resonated. What’s one hunger signal you’ve started noticing lately?",
    "I break my fast with soaked almonds and water first thing in my window. It’s gentle and sets the tone.",
    "You’re right—flexibility matters. The goal isn’t perfection, but awareness of what your body truly needs."
  ],
  "publish_window": "8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"
}