{"hook":"I will not tell you what happened inside an interview room this week. Interviews stay in the room.","body_lines":["But I have crafted 900+ ATS resumes, so I can tell you the pattern instead: a skill sits on the page, and the candidate cannot describe it out loud.","Not a lie. Not a talent gap. Not even nerves.","Just a line borrowed from a job description that never became a sentence of your own.","The resume gets you into the room. The sentence you can say about that resume is what keeps you there.","✨ [Every line on your resume is a question you have already agreed to answer.] ✨","Exaggeration? Fair. Keyword matching is real, and it does help you clear screening. It just does not survive the third follow-up question.","So before your next interview, read your own resume aloud and mark every line you cannot explain without looking at it.","✅ One project you can narrate without notes","✅ One result you can defend if questioned","✅ One thing you got wrong and then fixed"],"takeaway":"A resume is not a claim you make. It is a promise you keep live, in a room, with someone taking notes!!","question":"Which line on your resume would you struggle to explain out loud today, and what will you do this week to actually earn it?","keywords":["freshers","ATS resume","interview preparation","screening","get shortlisted","900+ ATS resumes"],"keyword_rationale":"This post lives at the join between resume writing and the interview that follows, so ATS resume, screening and interview preparation are the terms the piece genuinely uses, not decoration. Freshers and get shortlisted name the exact audience sitting in that gap. Consistent vocabulary across my posts is how the ranking model learns who my content is for, which is a targeting effect, not a reach promise.","hashtags":["#Employability","#Freshers","#InterviewPreparation","#ATSResume"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that matches the recurring subject of my writing and my HR seat.","The audience this post is written for, in their own words.","The specific stage where this failure shows up.","The artifact the post is about, and the tag resume-anxious candidates already follow."],"comment_a":"One detail the post did not carry: the lines that collapse fastest are almost always tool names, added because a posting mentioned them. If a tool is on your resume, you should be able to say what you built with it, where it broke, and what you did next. Which tool on your resume would you be least comfortable defending?","comment_b":"Across 250+ sessions, the single most useful drill I run is the dullest one: read your resume aloud, line by line, standing up. People catch their own weak lines before I ever have to point at them.","repost_caption":"For the HR folks and trainers in my feed: this is the cheapest interview prep intervention I know, and it costs one printed page and five minutes of reading aloud. Your students already have the resume. What they do not have is the spoken version of it.","reply_templates":["Thank you. Curious though, which line on your own resume is the one you would least want questioned?","Fair question. Start with the project bullets, not the skills list. If you cannot say what the problem was, what you did, and what changed, the bullet is not ready for a live room yet.","You are right that keyword matching gets resumes past screening, and I tell learners to do it. My point is narrower: the keyword buys you the room, and only the spoken explanation keeps you in it."],"publish_window":"9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"}