{
  "hook": "This week, Mr. Sharma from the Pune office sat across from me for an interview. He listed a skill on his resume he could not describe when asked.",
  "body_lines": [
    "I asked him to explain the project where he used that skill. He paused, then said he had only copied it from a template.",
    "No follow-up examples, no ownership, no clarity on what he actually did.",
    "His resume passed the ATS. It failed the human check.",
    "Not knowing your own resume is not a gap in knowledge—it’s a gap in credibility.",
    "I have read 900+ ATS resumes this month, and this is what happens when you list without learning.",
    "The contrast couplet: Your resume gets you seen. Your ability to talk about it gets you hired.",
    "{✨ Your resume is not a keyword dump—it’s your professional story. Tell it truthfully. ✨}",
    "Negation ladder: It’s not about fancy formatting. It’s not about stuffing skills. It’s about being able to walk through every line.",
    "So what do you do? Audit your resume. For every skill, ask: Can I explain this in 60 seconds?",
    "If the answer is no, remove it or learn it. There is no shortcut to credibility.",
    "The real work starts when you stop gaming the system and start owning your narrative.",
    "Freshers, your resume is your first interview. Make sure you can pass it.",
    "What’s one skill on your resume you can explain right now—without looking?"
  ],
  "takeaway": "Your resume must survive both the ATS and the human who reads it—starting with you.",
  "question": "What’s one skill on your resume you can explain right now—without looking?",
  "keywords": ["freshers", "ATS resume", "stand out", "employable", "career ready"],
  "keyword_rationale": "These terms align with the audience (freshers) and the core message: an ATS resume must reflect real skills to make candidates employable and career ready. They help the post surface in relevant searches without overpromising reach.",
  "hashtags": ["#Employability", "#ATSResume", "#Freshers"],
  "hashtag_notes": ["#Employability ties to the core idea of credibility and real skills.", "#ATSResume anchors the post in the screening process discussed.", "#Freshers targets the intended audience directly."],
  "comment_a": "I’ve seen this pattern too often—great keywords, zero substance. If you listed it, you should own it. What’s one line on your resume you’ve actually practiced explaining out loud?",
  "comment_b": "Remember: the goal isn’t to trick the ATS. It’s to prepare for the conversation that follows. Your resume should be a launchpad, not a mask.",
  "repost_caption": "Re-sharing because your resume isn’t just for bots—it’s for the human who’ll ask, ‘Tell me about this.’ Can you answer?",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thanks! Now, can you tell me one project where you used that skill?",
    "I recommend recording yourself explaining each skill for 60 seconds. Play it back—does it sound like you?",
    "You’re right that keywords matter for screening—but they’re meaningless if you can’t back them up in conversation."
  ],
  "publish_window": "9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"
}