{"hook":"No resume format gets you hired in 30 days.\n\nNo template guarantees a shortlist. And nobody on this platform, including me, can promise you an offer.","body_lines":["I have crafted 900+ ATS resumes from the hiring desk, and not one of them shipped with a guarantee attached.","Here is what a format actually controls, which is more than most people think:","✅ Whether the parser reads your job titles and dates correctly instead of scrambling them","✅ Whether the top third of page one names the role you are applying for","✅ Whether the words from the job posting appear in your bullets, in your own language, with evidence next to them","A format cannot make a recruiter want you.","It can stop a recruiter from missing you.","[✨ Your resume does not win the job. It buys you the few seconds in which a human decides to keep reading. ✨]","Unfair? Slightly. Fixable this week? Completely.","And to be straight with you: the 4.9 out of 5 my one-to-one coaching carries is a satisfaction rating from learners. It is not a placement rate and I will never dress it up as one."],"takeaway":"Chase the shortlist by controlling what is controllable: clarity, positioning, and a document a machine can read before a human ever does.","question":"Open your resume right now and read only the top third: does it name the role you actually want, in the words the job posting uses? If it does not, that is your edit for today.","keywords":["ATS resume","get shortlisted","job seekers","freshers","900+ ATS resumes","positioning"],"keyword_rationale":"This piece sits squarely in resume screening and shortlisting language, so ATS resume, get shortlisted and positioning are the terms the audience is already searching and commenting with. Freshers and job seekers name who the advice is for, which helps the feed learn the intended reader. Consistent vocabulary across my resume posts is how the ranking model builds a topical picture, not a reach guarantee.","hashtags":["#Employability","#ATSResume","#JobSeekers","#Freshers"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag for the career readiness conversation this post belongs to.","The exact niche the post teaches: resume formatting for parsers and screening.","Audience-side tag, because inbound DMs come from readers, not from recruiters.","The largest slice of readers rewriting a resume this week are first-time applicants."],"comment_a":"If you want the actual checklist I use while building an ATS resume, comment RESUME or send me a DM and I will share it. One honest note first: I will not promise you a shortlist, because that decision sits with the hiring team, not with your document. What is the single line at the top of your resume right now?","comment_b":"One detail the post did not carry: the most common structural error I see is a two column layout with the work history in the narrow column. It looks designed, and it reads scrambled to most parsers.","repost_caption":"Sharing this again for the career switchers, because your resume has a harder job than a fresher's. It has to explain a transition in the top third, before anyone scrolls.","reply_templates":["Thank you, glad it helped. Which part of your resume are you rewriting first, the top third or the bullets?","Good question. One page if you have under five years of experience, two only if the second page is projects and outcomes rather than repeated responsibilities. Never a header image, never a photo, unless the posting asks for it.","Fair point, plenty of strong candidates get filtered by a clean resume too, and screening is imperfect. That is exactly why I focus on the parts you control instead of selling you an outcome I cannot deliver."],"publish_window":"9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"}