{"hook":"I am one of India's youngest AICI Certified Advanced Soft Skills Trainers. I am also the person who signs off on who gets hired at a 50+ person company.","body_lines":["I do not keep those two on separate shelves, and that is exactly where most L&D budgets go wrong.","14,000+ learners across 250+ sessions, and the pattern holds: the shortlisted candidate is rarely the one with more skills, it is the one who can make their skills legible inside a short conversation.","Not a nice-to-have. Not a filler session. A screening filter.","AI took our quality of hire to 90% on the structured side of recruitment. It never once told me who could hold a room.","✨ [Soft skills are not the polish on top of a hire. They are the part of a hire your AI stack cannot verify for you.] ✨","Soft? Concede the word if you must. Then stop staffing that training with whoever happened to be free on Friday!!","Credential the people you put in front of your talent the way you credential everyone else on the org chart!!"],"takeaway":"The mandate I carry on the hiring desk and the mandate I carry in a training room are one mandate, not two line items.","question":"HR leaders, before your next soft skills session goes on the calendar: will you ask that trainer for their certification in writing? One email, sent before the invoice, not after.","keywords":["soft skills","quality of hire","HR leaders","learning and development","AICI certified","hiring desk"],"keyword_rationale":"This piece sits at the intersection of the training room and the hiring desk, so the vocabulary has to carry both: soft skills and learning and development for the L&D buyer, quality of hire and hiring desk for the HR leader reading it as a budget decision. AICI certified is the proof term that separates this from generic soft skills commentary. Using the same topical language consistently across posts is how the ranking system learns which audience this account is for, which is a discoverability argument, not a reach promise.","hashtags":["#HR","#SoftSkills","#LearningAndDevelopment","#QualityOfHire","#HRLeaders"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that puts the post in front of practitioners who own hiring and training budgets.","The contested subject of the post itself, and the term the L&D buyer searches with.","Where trainer vetting decisions actually get made inside an organisation.","Ties the argument to the metric HR leaders are measured on, not to soft language.","Audience-side tag: this post is written for the person approving the session, not the person attending it."],"comment_a":"One detail the post did not carry: I deploy 100+ educators and trainers across programs and locations, so trainer vetting is not a theory question for me, it is a weekly one. My screen is short: certification, a session I can sit in on, and a plan for what the learner can do differently by Friday. What is the first thing you check before you approve a trainer?","comment_b":"Adding the part that surprises people: our one-to-one coaching sits at 4.9 out of 5 on satisfaction, and satisfaction is all that number is, it is not an outcome claim. The reason it holds is that certified trainers change what they do mid-session when the room is not moving.","repost_caption":"Reposting this for the institutions side of my feed. If you are booking soft skills sessions for a placement season, the credential of the trainer is the cheapest quality check you have, and almost nobody asks for it.","reply_templates":["Thank you, and I would rather have your answer than your agreement: what does trainer vetting look like at your organisation right now?","Fair question. I ask for the certification, one recorded or live session I can observe, and the learner-facing outcome for that session. If any of the three is missing, I do not book.","You are right that certification alone does not make someone good in a room, plenty of certified trainers are dull. It is a floor, not a ceiling, and I still would not skip the floor."],"publish_window":"9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"}