{
  "hook": "The SDR pipeline runs with zero human oversight.",
  "body_lines": [
    "It pulls leads from Apify, enriches them in n8n, and scores intent using OpenAI API.",
    "No prompts are tweaked. No lists are cleaned by hand.",
    "Cost of acquisition dropped to zero because the system runs on free-tier tooling.",
    "This is not magic. It is a documented workflow: n8n as orchestrator, Apify as data layer, OpenAI API for signal extraction.",
    "Founders see automation as a cost center. I see it as the leverage that eliminates the center."
  ],
  "takeaway": "When the system runs itself, the founder stops being the operator and starts being the architect.",
  "question": "Are you building workflows that run without you, or are you still the human in the loop?",
  "keywords": ["AI automation", "n8n", "Apify", "OpenAI API", "non-technical founder", "systems thinking"],
  "keyword_rationale": "The post names the exact tools (n8n, Apify, OpenAI API) to ground the claim in verified architecture. It targets non-technical founders by framing automation as leverage, not code. Systems thinking ties the workflow to operational ownership, which aligns with the audience’s need to scale without hiring.",
  "hashtags": ["#ArtificialIntelligence", "#n8n", "#FounderLife"],
  "hashtag_notes": ["Broad tag for discoverability in AI conversations.", "Niche tag matching the named tool in the post.", "Buyer-side tag to attract founder-led inbound DMs."],
  "comment_a": "The pipeline uses n8n’s HTTP request node to call Apify actors, then feeds the JSON into an OpenAI API node for intent classification. All nodes are configured once and left alone. No API keys are rotated manually. What part of this feels most fragile to you?",
  "comment_b": "In the Radio Club, we built SOPs so new members could run broadcasts without the founders in the room. The goal was never to automate fun—it was to automate the repeatable so we could focus on what mattered. That same principle lives in this pipeline.",
  "repost_caption": "When we scaled the Radio Club from zero to 200 members, we didn’t hire a team. We built systems that let anyone step in. This SDR pipeline is the same idea: replace human repetition with documented logic so the founder can work on the business, not in it.",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thanks! What’s one task you do weekly that you wish ran without you?",
    "The OpenAI API node uses a zero-shot classification prompt. It’s not fine-tuned—it’s just clear instructions in the node settings. Want the exact prompt structure?",
    "You’re right that zero oversight needs trust in the system. That trust comes from logging every run and reviewing outputs weekly—still zero manual intervention in the flow.",
    "Are you building workflows that run without you, or are you still the human in the loop?"
  ],
  "publish_window": "10:00 to 11:30 AM IST"
}