{"hook":"Someone asked me for a testimonial about how much the last workflow was loved.\n\nI don't have one. I have a build that shipped and worked.","body_lines":["Loved is not a measurement. It is the Applause Illusion: the warm feeling a build gives you before anyone checks whether the work actually changed.","Here is what I can stand behind. An n8n SDR pipeline: Apollo sourcing, Apify enrichment, an AI quality gate, lead scoring and routing, CRM logging. 15 minutes of manual research per lead, roughly 5 hours per 20 lead batch, reduced to a run that leaves a copy and paste.","What happened after handover belongs to whoever runs it. Not to me, and not to my landing page."],"takeaway":"The build you can describe outlives the build you can applaud.","question":"When you commission an automation, what do you ask for first: the demo video or the documentation?","keywords":["AI automation","n8n","non-technical founder","lead research","documentation","workflow automation"],"keyword_rationale":"The post is a real n8n lead research build described in plain language, so n8n, workflow automation and lead research are the vocabulary the piece already speaks. Pairing them with non-technical founder and documentation keeps the topical signal consistent, which is how the ranking model learns who this is written for. It positions the post for founders searching for automation help rather than for other builders comparing stacks.","hashtags":["#Automation","#n8n","#WorkflowAutomation","#FounderLife"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that matches the subject without competing with AI hype feeds.","The exact tool in the build, so the tag is accurate rather than decorative.","Where operators looking to remove manual research actually browse.","Buyer-side tag: founders deciding whether to hire for a build like this."],"comment_a":"Architecture, since the post only carried the feeling: Apollo for sourcing, Apify as the data layer, an AI quality gate before scoring so junk records never reach the CRM. Follow-up sequences are not part of it, that is a separate build I have not shipped. Full system notes and other documented builds sit at alimoizuddin.in. If you have a research task eating hours a week, what does the input list look like right now?","comment_b":"When we ran the campus Radio Club, the applause came from the launch event and the actual leverage came from the SOP folder nobody clapped for. Weekly output went from 3 to 5 pieces to 40 to 50 once the process was written down, not once the team got motivated. Documentation is the only part of a system that survives the people who built it.","repost_caption":"We scaled from 0 to 200+ members with zero budget and one co-founder, and the thing that did the work was written process, not enthusiasm. This post argues the same point about automation: describe the system or you do not own it. Worth a read for anyone building an operational backbone from nothing.","reply_templates":["Appreciated. More useful question back at you: which part of your lead research would you refuse to hand to a machine?","Specifically: the quality gate runs before scoring, so a record with a broken or thin Apify enrichment gets dropped rather than scored badly and routed to a human. Cheaper to discard early than to clean later.","Fair on the first half, demos do sell faster than docs, and I have lost attention because of that. I still won't trade it. A system nobody can describe becomes a system nobody can repair."],"publish_window":"10:00 to 11:30 AM IST"}