{"hook":"Here is the hashtag strategy guaranteed to make your next post go viral.\n\nThere isn't one.","body_lines":["Hashtags are classification, not circulation. They tell the ranking model which shelf you belong on. They never tell a human to reach for you.","Think of the label on a filing drawer. A precise label gets the folder stored correctly. Nobody has ever opened a drawer because the handwriting was neat.","Same rule I hold inside system documentation. \"An n8n workflow with Apify as the data layer\" beats \"an automation tool\", because consistent vocabulary is how any machine learns who your work is for.","That is The Label Illusion: we keep decorating the outside of things nobody has opened yet."],"takeaway":"The model sorts. The reader still decides. Three seconds of attention outranks thirty tags.","question":"Three hashtags on every post, or none at all?","keywords":["AI automation","n8n","Apify","documentation","systems thinking","non-technical founder"],"keyword_rationale":"The piece is about how naming things precisely teaches a classifier what a post is, so the vocabulary has to model the behaviour it argues for: n8n and Apify named exactly, documentation and systems thinking carrying the applied layer. Consistent topical language is how the ranking model learns who a post is for, and who it is not for. It does not buy reach, it only reduces ambiguity about the audience.","hashtags":["#AI","#WorkflowAutomation","#BuildInPublic","#FounderLife"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that matches the ranking and classification subject of the post.","Niche tag that matches the n8n and Apify documentation example carrying the argument.","Fits a post that shows the working rules behind published output.","Buyer-side tag: founders deciding what to publish are the people this argument is for."],"comment_a":"The rules I actually run: three to four tags, one broad plus two to three niche, and no keyword repeated more than twice in the body. That is the whole strategy, and it exists to prevent ambiguity, not to manufacture reach. How many tags do you run per post right now?","comment_b":"When we built the Radio Club, weekly team output went from 3 to 5 pieces a week to 40 to 50. Not one piece of that came from labelling things better. It came from SOPs that told a new member exactly what to do on their first Tuesday.","repost_caption":"The Radio Club scaled from 0 to 200+ members with one co-founder and zero budget. The lesson that held: the backbone was written procedure, never presentation. Worth reading for anyone building an operation before they build an audience.","reply_templates":["Appreciate that. Curious where you land though: do you tag for the classifier, or do you tag out of habit?","Specific answer: one broad tag plus two to three niche, four maximum. Beyond that the signal about who the post is for gets muddier, not stronger.","Fair, tags do help a post get classified, and I said as much. What I will not concede is that classification and distribution are the same lever. One sorts you, the other requires someone to stay."],"publish_window":"10:00 to 11:30 AM IST"}