{"hook":"In 2014 I kept a small notebook with a red rubber band around it. Before I ate anything, even one idli, I wrote down the number I thought it cost me.","body_lines":["","I was 82 kilos that year. Forty two years old, living in Chennai, and very good at arithmetic.","What I was not good at was hunger.","Someone asked me this week for a daily number and a weight to hit by December. I understand that ask completely. I lived inside it for three years.","Here is what the notebook could never tell me. Whether I wanted the second dosai because my body was still asking, or because it was four in the evening and my chithi used to fry vazhakkai bajji at exactly that hour.","Even now, if I walk past someone frying bajji in coconut oil, the besan going gold at the edges, curry leaves spitting and curling, that four o'clock kitchen comes back whole and my mouth waters before I have decided anything at all.","Two voices at my counter that year.","One said, you walked five kilometres this morning, you have earned this.","The other said, earned with what currency? When did food become a wage?","The pause.","That gap, between the craving arriving and my hand moving, is the only thing that actually changed for me.","Then: I counted everything and understood nothing. Now: I count nothing and I can usually tell thirst from emotion from the plain conditioning of a remembered hour.","By 2017 I was 62 kilos at my first half marathon, after three years of intense training. The scale moved. The question stayed unanswered.","So I will not hand out a calorie target or a December weight. Not to be difficult. Because I owned that notebook, and it never once told me what my body was saying. And if there is a diagnosed condition or medication in the picture, those numbers belong to your doctor, not to my old rubber band notebook."],"takeaway":"A number tells me what I ate. A pause tells me why. Only one of them gave me freedom.","question":"What hour of the day does your craving usually arrive? Just the hour is enough, I read every one.","keywords":["craving care","types of hunger","conditioning hunger","food psychology","midlife women","Chennai"],"keyword_rationale":"Craving care, types of hunger and conditioning hunger are the exact vocabulary of this post, which is about reading a four o'clock craving rather than costing it. Food psychology and midlife women signal who the piece is for, and Chennai anchors her practice geographically. Repeating the same topical vocabulary across posts is how the ranking model learns which readers this account serves; it is a clarity decision, not a reach guarantee. Studio note, said out loud: the brief's 1200 calorie daily target and December goal weight cannot ship under the safety layer, so the piece was rebuilt as her own 2014 counting experience and the request is answered in the post itself.","hashtags":["#HolisticHealth","#FoodPsychology","#MindfulEating","#CravingCare","#WILDFIT"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag for the general health audience that finds her before they know the method.","The post is about the psychology behind a remembered four o'clock hunger, not about food rules.","The turn of the post is the pause between craving and hand, which is exactly this tag.","Her own tag, and craving care is the frame that replaces the calorie target here.","The method the whole post comes from, and her identity tag since 2019."],"comment_a":"The detail I left out of the post: that notebook survived two house moves and I finally threw it away only after I had been coaching for a few years. I have coached 1,000+ people directly since 2019, and the calorie question is still the first one that arrives, in English, Hindi or Tamil. What number were you last told to aim for?","comment_b":"One more thing about 2014. I was also drinking barely two glasses of water a day and calling that four o'clock feeling greed. It was thirst wearing a costume, and no notebook column had a line for that.","repost_caption":"Reposting this because a woman wrote to me last night asking what her December weight should be. Here is the version of that answer I wish someone had given me in 2014, when I was still writing idlis down in a notebook with a red rubber band.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading it. I am curious though, what was the hour your own craving used to show up, and what was cooking in the house at that hour when you were small?","Good question. Mine was thirst about half the time, which I only found out after I started drinking water first and waiting a few minutes before deciding anything. That single order of operations changed more for me in 2014 than the notebook did in three years.","You are right that some people do need structure, and I am not against structure at all. What I am against is structure that skips the reading step, because I had plenty of structure in 2014 and still could not tell you why I wanted the second dosai."],"publish_window":"8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"}