{"hook":"15 minutes of research per lead. Twenty leads in a batch. Five hours gone before anyone writes a single word.","body_lines":["Most founders treat that as the price of doing outreach properly.","It is not a price. It is a Research Tax you agreed to pay because nobody ever sent you the invoice.","So I wired it out in n8n: Apollo for sourcing, Apify as the enrichment layer, an AI quality gate, then scoring, routing and CRM logging.","What survived at the end of the run was copy and paste.","A kitchen does not chop faster than you. It preps before service. Same knife, different order of operations."],"takeaway":"Automation does not buy you time. It moves the thinking to before the work, where it was always cheaper.","question":"Score first and only research the survivors, or research every lead by hand? Which side are you on?","keywords":["AI automation","n8n","Apify","lead research","agentic workflow","non-technical founder"],"keyword_rationale":"The post is anchored in a named n8n build with Apify as the data layer, so the tool and outcome vocabulary is literal rather than decorative. Consistent use of the same terms across posts is how the ranking model learns which audience this account serves: operators and non-technical founders who buy systems, not scripts. Note, fail loud: the 10 hours to 3 hours weekly figure and the 70 percent reduction are not in the verified log, so the post uses the verified per lead and per batch figures instead.","hashtags":["#Automation","#n8n","#AIWorkflows","#FounderLife"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that matches the core topic without inflating it.","Names the exact tool the build runs on, which is what practitioners search.","Signals the category of work rather than a single vendor.","Buyer-side tag: the founders paying the Research Tax are the ones this is for."],"comment_a":"One detail the post left out: the pipeline produced about 50 outreach communications before I handed it over, and I never measured what happened after that, so I do not claim outcomes. The architecture is what I stand behind, not the results of a system someone else runs. Full breakdown of how the quality gate is structured is on my site, link in my profile. What is your current per lead research time?","comment_b":"We ran the same principle in the campus Radio Club with zero budget: the SOPs got written before the recording schedule, not after. Weekly output went from 3 to 5 pieces to 40 to 50 because nobody was deciding anything twice. Prep before service is exactly it.","repost_caption":"When we scaled the Radio Club from 0 to 200+ members, the bottleneck was never talent. It was the fact that every episode started from a blank page. Writing the SOPs first is what let a two-person team run a 40 to 50 piece weekly output on no budget.","reply_templates":["Appreciated. More useful question back at you: where does your research currently stop being research and start being copying?","Apify sits after Apollo, not instead of it. Apollo gives you the record, Apify enriches it, and the AI quality gate decides whether the record is worth scoring at all. Order matters more than tool choice here.","Fair on the accuracy point, a gate will drop leads a human would have kept. I still take that trade, because a human reviewing 20 records at 15 minutes each starts skimming by record six."],"publish_window":"10:00 to 11:30 AM IST"}