{
  "hook": "Automation isn't about saving time. It's about seeing what you actually do.",
  "body_lines": [
    "We build workflows to escape repetition.",
    "But the real win is the mirror it holds up.",
    "When you map a task into n8n, you name every hidden step.",
    "That naming is where clarity begins.",
    "Before automation, work feels like fog.",
    "After, it's a flowchart you can touch.",
    "This is the leverage non-technical founders miss.",
    "They think they need code to scale.",
    "What they need is to make the invisible visible.",
    "[OPEN SLOT]"
  ],
  "takeaway": "Automation is a clarity engine for people who think in words, not code.",
  "question": "Do you automate to save time or to see your work clearly?",
  "keywords": [
    "AI automation",
    "AI Automation Engineer",
    "automation for non-technical founders",
    "think in words, not code",
    "n8n",
    "clarity engine"
  ],
  "keyword_rationale": "The core idea frames automation as clarity, directly using the persona's phrase 'think in words, not code' and their identity as an AI Automation Engineer. 'n8n' is included as their verified tool, and 'clarity engine' coins the central concept. These terms align with the audience of non-technical founders seeking understandable systems.",
  "hashtags": [
    "#Automation",
    "#n8n",
    "#FounderLife"
  ],
  "hashtag_notes": [
    "Broad tag matching the post's core theme of automation as clarity.",
    "Niche tag for the specific tool used in their verified systems, signaling practicality.",
    "Buyer-side audience tag for founders, aligning with the goal of relatability and engagement."
  ],
  "comment_a": "Just documented how a founder turned their weekly lead research into a 3-step n8n workflow. The real breakthrough wasn't the time saved—it was seeing exactly where they were guessing. What's one repetitive task you do that you couldn't explain step-by-step to someone else?",
  "comment_b": "In the Radio Club, we scaled from zero to 200+ members by writing SOPs for everything—from booking guests to editing audio. The moment we stopped doing and started documenting, the chaos lifted. Automation works the same way: it forces you to define the invisible work.",
  "repost_caption": "Scaling a club with zero budget taught us that systems aren't about tools—they're about making the implicit explicit. That's why automation, even simple n8n workflows, is really a clarity engine for founders.",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thanks! What's one part of your workflow you've never actually written down?",
    "I use n8n with Apify for scraping and HTTP Request for API calls—free tier works fine. What tool are you trying to connect right now?",
    "You're right that time savings matter, but the deeper leverage is in making work legible enough to improve. Does that resonate with your experience?",
    "The Radio Club scaled with SOPs and zero budget—proof that clarity precedes scale. What's your first step toward making work visible?"
  ],
  "publish_window": "10:00 to 11:30 AM IST"
}