{"hook":"In 2014 I weighed 82kg. I was 42. And I had no idea what my own hunger felt like.","body_lines":["By 2017 I had run my first half marathon. Three years of training. 62kg on the scale.","Everyone said I had done it. And on paper, I had.","But here is what nobody saw: I still could not tell the difference between hungry, bored, tired, and anxious. I had changed my body without ever learning to listen to it.","I was still reaching for pills every single day, and quietly wondering if that was just what midlife looked like from here.","What I wanted was harder to name than a number. I wanted to stop negotiating with myself at 9pm. I wanted to eat without a running commentary in my head. I wanted to trust my own body the way I trusted my legs on a long run.","That desire felt almost embarrassing to say out loud, because it did not fit any programme I had tried.","So I stopped chasing discipline and started getting curious. Why do I want this now? What am I actually feeling? What happens if I wait ten minutes?","No plan. No rules. Just paying attention to a body I had spent decades instructing and never once consulted.","That was the shift. Not the weight. The relationship.","I am not telling you what to do with your body. I do not know your history, your hormones, or your health. Nobody on the internet does, including me.","If medication is part of your story, please talk to your doctor about your own situation. Mine was a conversation, not a rebellion.","I am only telling you it is allowed to want something different, and to want it in your own words."],"takeaway":"Losing 20kg taught me discipline. Learning to read my own hunger taught me freedom. Those are two completely different journeys, and only one of them changed how I live.","question":"If you could describe the relationship you want with your body in one honest sentence, what would it be?","keywords":["midlife women health","relationship with food","hunger cues","WILDFIT coach","nutrition coaching","midlife weight","body trust","emotional eating","women over 40 wellness","health coaching journey"],"keyword_rationale":"Terms chosen around how midlife women actually search and speak: hunger cues, relationship with food, women over 40 wellness. Blends coach-credibility keywords (WILDFIT coach, nutrition coaching) with emotional search language (body trust, emotional eating) to widen reach without sounding clinical.","hashtags":["#MidlifeWomen","#WILDFIT","#HealthCoach","#RelationshipWithFood","#WomenOver40","#NutritionCoaching","#HungerCues","#MidlifeHealth"],"hashtag_notes":["#MidlifeWomen and #WomenOver40 target the core audience feed.","#WILDFIT signals the specific methodology and attracts the existing community.","#RelationshipWithFood and #HungerCues match the emotional theme rather than weight loss language.","#HealthCoach and #NutritionCoaching support professional discoverability.","Kept to eight to stay readable on mobile."],"comment_a":"One detail I left out: the scale went down and my anxiety about food went up. That is the part of the story nobody puts in a before-and-after photo.","comment_b":"To be clear, I am not anti-medication and I am not anti-running. I am anti-doing all of it while completely disconnected from what my own body is telling me. Always speak to your doctor about your own situation.","repost_caption":"Reposting this one because the replies were extraordinary. So many midlife women describing the exact same gap: they changed their bodies and never learned to listen to them. If that is you, you are in very good company.","reply_templates":["Thank you for sharing that. The 9pm negotiation is something so many women recognise and almost nobody talks about.","That resonates. What did you notice first when you started paying attention instead of restricting?","I hear this a lot. And I want to say clearly: your history and your health are yours, so please keep your doctor in that conversation.","You put it better than I did. Mind if I quote that feeling in a future post?","Three years of training and still not knowing my own hunger. You are not alone in that at all.","Appreciate you being honest here. Naming what you actually want is harder than following any plan."],"publish_window":"Tuesday or Wednesday, 7:30-9:00am local time"}