{"hook":"I crossed the finish line of my first half marathon in 2017 at 62kg. Three years earlier, in 2014, I was 82kg and forty two. And standing there, still breathing hard, I could not tell you what my hunger was asking for.","body_lines":["","Discipline was never my problem. I trained for three years. I showed up in Chennai humidity before six in the morning, again and again.","What I did not have was a language for hunger.","At four in the afternoon my body would say something, and I would answer with whatever was nearest. Filter coffee. Two Marie biscuits. Some days the murukku tin on the top shelf, standing up, not even sitting down for it.","One voice said, you ran this morning, you have earned this.","The quieter voice asked, is this hunger, or is this only four o'clock?","I did not know how to tell them apart. Nobody had taught me. Was it thirst? Was it the tiredness I had not slept off? Was it the meeting that went badly at eleven?","My paati made her own tamarind rice powder. Red chilli, chana dal, sesame, each roasted separately, ground coarse, and it appeared in our house only in one particular week of the year.","I still remember the smell of that powder hitting hot sesame oil, the tamarind turning dark and glossy in the kadai, the rice folded in while it was still warm so every grain took the colour of it, and a papad broken over the top with the back of a spoon.","We waited for it. That waiting was the ritual, and the ritual was the portion.","Then, I ate to correct something. Now, I eat to nourish something. That is the whole distance I travelled, and the scale had almost nothing to do with it.","What I actually wanted was never a smaller body. I wanted to stop depending on daily pills. I wanted to walk into my doctor's room with a different question in my mouth.","I am saying what I wanted, for me. If you take prescribed medication, that conversation belongs with your doctor and nobody else."],"takeaway":"Discipline moves the scale. Awareness moves the craving. Only one of them stayed with me.","question":"What does your four o'clock actually ask you for? I read every reply.","keywords":["midlife women","types of hunger","conditioning hunger","listening to the body","food freedom","Chennai"],"keyword_rationale":"The post is a first person account of midlife hunger cues, so the vocabulary of types of hunger, conditioning hunger and listening to the body is the language the piece genuinely speaks. Chennai and food freedom anchor who is speaking and from where. Using the same topical words consistently across posts is how the ranking model learns which readers this account is for, which is a discoverability question, not a reach promise.","hashtags":["#HolisticHealth","#FoodPsychology","#MindfulEating","#CravingCare"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag for readers browsing general health without a diet lens.","The post is about reading a cue, not counting anything, which is food psychology territory.","Midlife women searching for a way to eat that is not restriction land here.","My own tag for the craving as information idea, so this post sits with the rest of that thinking."],"comment_a":"The 4 pm murukku tin was the honest detail I almost cut from this post. That tin sat on the top shelf of my kitchen for years and I never once asked it a question, I just reached. Now I ask, and most days the answer is water or protein, not sugar. What is on your top shelf right now?","comment_b":"One thing the post left out: the half marathon medal is still in a drawer, and I have also cycled 100 kilometres and swum a 1km swimathon since. None of those events taught me hunger. A quiet afternoon in my own kitchen did.","repost_caption":"I have been asked whether the twenty kilos were the win. They were not. The win was the first afternoon I felt a craving arrive, sat with it for a minute, and understood it was thirst. Reposting this for anyone in the middle of their own three years of trying hard.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading it. I am curious though, what time of day does your own hunger get loudest?","Fair question. For me it was the 4 pm gap, and what changed it was protein and healthy fats at lunch instead of a rice heavy plate, plus water before I reached for anything. That specific swap, at that specific hour.","You are right that movement matters, and I would never argue against it, I trained for three years and loved it. My point is only that training moved my body and still left my hunger unread. Both had to be learned, separately."],"publish_window":"8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"}