{
  "hook": "hook": "In 2014 I weighed 82kg at 42. By 2017 I was 62kg after three years of training for my first half marathon.\n\nI still woke up wanting a different relationship with my body.",
 "body_lines": [
 "I ran the kilometres. I lifted the weights. I followed the plan.\n",
 "The scale moved. The mirror changed. But inside, the same old conversation played: Why am I still hungry after eating? Why do I reach for something sweet at 4 p.m.? Why does rest feel like laziness?",
 "One voice said: Push harder. Eat less. Be disciplined.\n",
 "The quieter one whispered: What if I’m not broken? What if this hunger is trying to tell me something?",
 "I didn’t know then that hunger has types. That thirst can mimic craving. That fatigue can wear the mask of sugar hunger.",
 "Three years of training changed my weight. It didn’t teach me to pause. To listen. To tell the difference between my body’s need and my mind’s habit.",
 "Now I know: freedom isn’t in the number on the scale. It’s in the space between impulse and action.",
 "It’s in choosing tamarind rice powder over the packet of biscuits—not because I’m good, but because I finally heard what my body asked for.",
 "That’s the shift. Not restriction. Awareness.",
 "Not fixing. Befriending."
 ],
 "takeaway": "Your cravings are not the enemy. They are messengers.",
 "question": "What is one hunger signal you’ve learned to pause and listen to this week? Share below—I read every reply.",
 "keywords": ["WILDFIT coach", "food freedom", "craving care", "types of hunger", "listening to the body", "midlife women"],
 "keyword_rationale": "These terms reflect the core journey described: moving from weight-focused discipline to hunger awareness. They align with the audience’s lived experience of midlife cravings and the coach’s method of decoding signals rather than suppressing them, improving topical relevance for discovery.",
 "hashtags": ["#HolisticHealth", "#FoodFreedom", "#WILDFIT"],
 "hashtag_notes": ["#HolisticHealth captures the mind-body-emotion approach to hunger.", "#FoodFreedom reflects the non-restrictive, awareness-based outcome.", "#WILDFIT grounds the post in the coach’s certified methodology."],
 "comment_a": "I still keep that 2014 photo in my kitchen wardrobe—not as a before, but as a reminder of how far I’ve come in understanding myself. What’s one non-scale win you’ve had recently that changed how you see your body?",
 "comment_b": "After the half marathon, I thought I’d figured it out. Turns out, finishing strong was just the beginning of listening deeper. The real work started when the training stopped.",
 "repost_caption": "Years ago I chased a number. Now I chase awareness. The shift wasn’t in what I ate—it was in how I learned to hear myself.",
 "reply_templates": [
 "Thank you—I’m glad it resonated. What’s one small pause you’ve added to your day lately?",
 "That’s a great question. For me, it was realizing my 4 p.m. craving often meant I needed water and five minutes of shade, not sugar.",
 "You’re absolutely right—discipline has its place. And so does curiosity. The magic is in knowing when to lead with which."
 ],
 "publish_window": "8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"
}