{"hook":"Most founders think they are blocked by tooling.\n\nThey are blocked by a sentence they have never written down.","body_lines":["The n8n build was the short part. Describing what a good lead actually looks like was the long part.","Call it Description Debt. You cannot automate a judgement you have only ever made by instinct.","A carpenter can build any room you can describe. Gesture vaguely and you get a hallway.","Lead research: 15 minutes each, roughly 5 hours per 20 lead batch. Now Apollo sources, Apify enriches, a quality gate filters, scoring and routing decide, and a human copies and pastes.","None of that came from the tools. It came from finally writing the criteria down in plain words."],"takeaway":"Automation does not think for you. It repeats you, at speed, including the parts you never examined.","question":"Map the decision first, or build the workflow first?","keywords":["AI automation","n8n","workflow automation","non-technical founder","lead research","think in words, not code"],"keyword_rationale":"This piece is about specification, not code, so the vocabulary sits on n8n, workflow automation and lead research: the exact terms a non-technical founder types when they are trying to fix an outreach process. Consistent topical language is how the ranking model learns who a post is for and who should see the next one. It signals category, it does not manufacture attention.","hashtags":["#Automation","#n8n","#WorkflowAutomation","#FounderLife"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad category tag that places the post in the automation conversation.","The exact tool named in the post, so the build is discoverable by people already using it.","Matches the problem the reader is searching for: manual process replaced by a run.","Buyer-side tag: founders carrying the manual work are the people this is written for."],"comment_a":"One detail the post left out: the quality gate rejected leads my own written criteria said were fine. That is when I learned the criteria were wrong, not the model. If you had to describe your ideal lead in one sentence, could you do it today?","comment_b":"","repost_caption":"","reply_templates":["Appreciated. Curious where you sit though: is your process written down anywhere, or does it live in one person's head?","Apify sits on the enrichment layer only, after Apollo sourcing. The quality gate runs before scoring, so bad records never reach the routing step.","Fair on the tooling point: a weak stack will cap you. It just caps you lower than an undefined process does, and the process is the part nobody wants to sit down and write."],"publish_window":"10:00 to 11:30 AM IST"}