{
  "hook": "The real bottleneck in automation isn’t the tool — it’s how you describe the work.",
  "body_lines": [
    "I built an SDR research pipeline using n8n and Apify — no code, free tier, human-in-the-loop.",
    "Before: 10 hours/week manually researching 100 leads.",
    "After: 3 hours/week — same output, 70% less time.",
    "The magic wasn’t in the automation. It was in writing crystal-clear instructions for what ‘good research’ looked like.",
    "Once the AI and scrapers knew exactly what to find — job titles, tech stacks, funding rounds, pain points — they did the heavy lifting.",
    "My role shifted from data gatherer to quality auditor. I reviewed, tweaked, and approved.",
    "That’s the shift every non-technical founder needs to make: stop chasing the ‘perfect tool’ and start obsessing over the ‘perfect prompt’.",
    "Automation doesn’t replace thinking — it amplifies it. But only if you can articulate what you want.",
    "If your automation feels brittle or underwhelming, ask: Did I describe the work well enough for a machine (or intern) to follow?",
    "The best automation engineers aren’t the ones who know the most tools — they’re the ones who write the clearest instructions."
  ],
  "takeaway": "Stop buying more tools. Start writing better descriptions of the work you want automated. That’s where real leverage lives.",
  "question": "What’s one repetitive task you do weekly that you could describe in 3 bullet points — so someone else (or a bot) could do it for you?",
  "keywords": ["automation", "n8n", "Apify", "SDR", "prospect research", "no-code", "AI workflow", "founder productivity", "process documentation", "human-in-the-loop"],
  "keyword_rationale": "Selected keywords balance technical specificity (n8n, Apify) with broad founder appeal (prospect research, no-code, founder productivity). Terms like 'human-in-the-loop' and 'process documentation' signal sophistication without jargon overload, attracting both technical curiosity and non-technical relevance. Avoided overly niche terms to maximize discoverability among operators and founders seeking practical automation wins.",
  "hashtags": ["#Automation", "#NoCode", "#FounderTips", "#SDR", "#Productivity", "#n8n", "#Apify", "#Workflow", "#AIEngineering", "#ProcessImprovement"],
  "hashtag_notes": [
    "#Automation and #NoCode are high-traffic, founder-friendly tags that signal accessibility.",
    "#FounderTips and #Productivity target the core audience’s pain points and aspirations.",
    "#SDR grounds the post in a real-world use case familiar to sales/marketing ops.",
    "#n8n and #Apify tag the tools used — helps surface the post in niche tech communities without alienating non-tech readers.",
    "#Workflow and #ProcessImprovement reinforce the conceptual takeaway over tool worship.",
    "#AIEngineering adds credibility while staying broad enough to attract interest from AI-curious operators."
  ],
  "comment_a": "This is exactly the mindset shift I’ve seen in founders who scale operations without burning out. It’s not about the stack — it’s about the SOP you give to the machine (or your VA). Love how you framed it.",
  "comment_b": "I tried automating lead research with a fancy AI agent last month — gave it vague goals and got garbage out. After reading this, I rewrote my prompt as a 5-step checklist. Output quality jumped 4x. Sometimes the bottleneck really is just… us not being clear enough.",
  "repost_caption": "Reposting this because every founder I talk to is over-indexing on tools and under-indexing on clarity. If you’ve ever felt like automation ‘didn’t work’ for you — check your description of the work first. 70% time savings didn’t come from a better tool. It came from better instructions.",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thanks for sharing — I’ve been stuck in the ‘tool hopping’ cycle for months. This reframing is exactly what I needed.",
    "How did you decide what level of detail to include in your instructions? Was it trial and error, or did you use a framework?",
    "This resonates deeply. I’ve automated email follow-ups but never thought to apply the same logic to research. Any tips on documenting subjective judgments (like ‘lead quality’)?",
    "Love the human-in-the-loop angle. Did you find that the time saved was mostly in execution, or did it also reduce cognitive load/context switching?",
    "Just built my first n8n workflow last week — this post made me realize I skipped the most important step: writing the spec. Going back to fix that today.",
    "Is there a template or structure you use for writing these automation instructions? Would love to steal it.",
    "This is why I follow you — practical, no-fluff, founder-focused automation insights. Keep them coming.",
    "What’s the next process you’re tackling with this same approach? I’m curious what else yields 70%+ gains."
  ],
  "publish_window": "Tuesday–Thursday, 8:00–10:00 AM local time (audience likely checking LinkedIn before work)"
}