{"hook":"I have crafted 900+ ATS resumes, and the summary line is where I can tell in about four seconds whether someone has made a decision or is still hoping.","body_lines":["Hope reads like this: seeking a challenging role in a reputed organisation to utilise my skills and grow.","Decision reads like this: content writer, two years of SEO work for small D2C brands, now moving toward fintech.","The first version is not wrong. It is not lazy. It is just not a decision.","A hope asks the person screening to imagine where you fit, a decision tells them exactly where you fit.","✨ [Your summary is not an introduction to you, it is the filter you write for yourself before anyone else writes one for you] ✨","Narrow? Yes. Screening is a matching exercise, and nobody can match a blank space, so narrow is the whole point.","What a decision-shaped summary carries:","✅ The role you are applying for, named in the words the posting uses","✅ One piece of proof you already own, however small","✅ The direction you are moving in, stated as a choice and not a wish","This pattern shows up across the full set of resumes I have worked on, not in one unlucky application.","Freshers tell me they cannot commit because they have not decided yet, and that is fair, but a resume is not a life sentence. It is one document for one role, and you can write another tomorrow!!"],"takeaway":"You are allowed to be uncertain. Your summary line is not.","question":"Open your resume right now and read the first two lines out loud: does it name a role, or does it ask someone else to guess one for you?","keywords":["ATS resume","freshers","screening","get shortlisted","900+ ATS resumes","hiring desk"],"keyword_rationale":"The piece lives at the intersection of resume writing and screening, so ATS resume, screening and get shortlisted are the terms the audience actually searches and the ones that describe what the post teaches. Freshers names the reader directly, and hiring desk plus 900+ ATS resumes keep the vocabulary anchored to where the advice comes from. Consistent topical language across posts is how the ranking model learns who my content is for, which is a matter of relevance and not of reach.","hashtags":["#Employability","#ATSResume","#Freshers","#InterviewPreparation","#JobSeekers"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that matches the core subject of everything I publish.","The post is specifically about a line inside an ATS-readable resume.","The advice is written for first-time applicants and their summary lines.","A decision-shaped summary is also the first question you get asked in the room.","Audience-side tag, because the people who need this are actively applying."],"comment_a":"One extra detail the post did not carry: the summary line is also the line most people copy from a template and never touch again, which is why it reads generic across hundreds of applications. If you rewrite only one part of your resume this week, rewrite those two lines and match them to a single posting you actually want. Which role are you writing that line for?","comment_b":"Adding this later in the day: the fix is not longer, it is shorter. Most summaries I improve end up losing about half their words, because everything vague comes out and only the named role, the proof and the direction stay in.","repost_caption":"Resharing this for the career switchers, not just the freshers. The hope-versus-decision problem is worse mid-career, because switchers try to keep both the old identity and the new one alive in the same two lines. Pick one, and let the experience section carry the rest.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading. Curious what your own summary line says right now, hope or decision?","Specific answer: name the role in the same words the job posting uses, then one line of proof, then the direction. Three clauses, no adjectives about yourself.","Fair point, a narrow summary does close some doors, and I will concede that. But a vague one closes all of them quietly, and you never find out which door it was."],"publish_window":"9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"}