{"hook":"At 4:40 pm last Tuesday, I stood in my own kitchen wanting a packet of chips.\n\nI ate eggs instead. With tamarind rice powder sprinkled on top.","body_lines":["Here is what actually happened in those 30 seconds.","My hand reached for the packet. My eyes had already decided.","But I paused and asked one question: what am I actually looking for here?","Not \"why am I so weak.\" Not \"I ate well all day, don't ruin it.\"","Just: what is my body asking for?","The answer surprised me. It wasn't crunch. It wasn't salt.","It was that sharp, sour, deeply familiar taste I grew up with. Puliyodarai. Tamarind. Home.","The packaged snack was never the craving. It was just the closest thing my eyes could find.","So I made eggs and dusted tamarind rice powder over them. Sounds odd. Tasted perfect.","And I got up from the table done. Not hunting for the next thing.","This is what I keep telling the women I coach, most of them managing careers, homes, ageing parents and their own changing bodies at once:","A craving is data. It is your body sending a message in the only language it has.","Sometimes the message is: I need minerals. Sometimes: I skipped protein at lunch.","Sometimes: I have been in back-to-back calls since 9 am and I need three minutes of pleasure.","Sometimes: I miss my mother's kitchen.","None of those messages are solved by willpower. They are solved by listening.","We have been taught to fight our bodies. Discipline harder. Restrict more. Feel guilty faster.","Twenty years of that, and the cravings only got louder.","Because you cannot out-discipline an unanswered question."],"takeaway":"Stop treating cravings as evidence of weakness. Treat them as information. Ask what you are truly hungry for before you reach for what is closest, and you will be shocked how often the answer is something real, something nourishing, and something that tastes like home.","question":"What is one craving that keeps showing up for you? Tell me in the comments and let's decode what it might actually be asking for.","keywords":["WILDFIT coach","cravings","midlife women health","nutrition coaching India","emotional eating","intuitive eating","women over 40 health","food freedom","health coach India","sugar cravings"],"keyword_rationale":"Blends WILDFIT and health-coach terms for discoverability with the emotional search language midlife Indian professionals actually use, cravings, emotional eating, women over 40, so the post surfaces for both intent-driven and problem-aware readers.","hashtags":["#WILDFIT","#CravingsDecoded","#MidlifeWomen","#HealthCoachIndia","#EmotionalEating","#NutritionCoach","#WomenOver40","#FoodFreedom"],"hashtag_notes":["#WILDFIT anchors her methodology and attracts existing community awareness.","#CravingsDecoded reinforces the core message and is memorable enough to reuse as a content series tag.","#MidlifeWomen and #WomenOver40 target the primary audience directly.","#HealthCoachIndia keeps discovery local and relevant.","#EmotionalEating and #FoodFreedom catch high-intent readers searching for relief from guilt cycles.","Eight tags keeps reach broad without looking spammy in the Indian professional feed."],"comment_a":"For anyone curious about the actual combination: two eggs, cooked how you like them, and a generous pinch of tamarind rice powder (puliyodarai podi) on top. Sour, savoury, satisfying. Protein plus the flavour memory your brain was actually hunting for. Try it once before you judge it.","comment_b":"A quick practice I give clients: when a craving hits, don't fight it and don't feed it immediately. Just name three things about it. Is it crunchy or soft? Sweet, salty or sour? Hot or cold? Nine times out of ten, naming it tells you what your body actually needs, and it is rarely the packet.","repost_caption":"Reposting this because the number of women who messaged me saying \"I thought I was just greedy\" tells me we need to say it louder. Your cravings are not character flaws. They are information.","reply_templates":["Thank you for sharing this. What you are describing sounds less like a discipline problem and more like an unmet need. When does it usually show up, and what has your day looked like before it hits?","This is such a common one. Try naming the texture and taste you are craving before you reach for anything. It often points somewhere completely different from what you expect.","Yes, the 4 pm slump is real for almost every working professional I coach. Nine times out of ten it traces back to what was, or wasn't, on the lunch plate.","So glad it landed. If it helps, share it with one friend who has been fighting her own kitchen for years.","Absolutely, our regional flavours carry memory and comfort in a way no packaged snack can replicate. That is why they satisfy so much faster.","Happy to talk more about this. Send me a message and tell me what pattern you are noticing."],"publish_window":"Tuesday or Wednesday, 8:00 to 9:30 am IST"}