{"hook":"4:20 in the afternoon, my hand already inside the packet of chips before my brain had filed a report. I put it down and asked one question instead: what flavour am I actually looking for?","body_lines":["","The answer came back fast. Sour. Salty. Tamarind.","Not chips. Puliyodarai. My grandmother's tamarind rice powder, the jar that lived on the second shelf of her kitchen, dark and gritty, smelling of roasted sesame and dried red chilli.","So I broke two eggs into ghee, and when the whites had just set I dusted tamarind rice powder over them the way she used to dust it over hot rice on a steel plate, and I ate it standing at the counter, sour and warm and nutty, and the craving shut like a door.","One voice in me had been saying, stop being dramatic, just eat the chips.","The wiser one said, the chips were never the point. The tamarind was.","In 2014 I was 82kg and training harder than anyone I knew. Discipline was never my problem. By my first half marathon in 2017 the scale had moved, and the 4pm craving was still arriving daily like a bill nobody had explained to me.","Because I kept arguing with it instead of listening to it.","A craving is information. Sometimes it says sour. Sometimes it says water. Sometimes it says you have not eaten a single thing with fat in it since your morning coffee. Sometimes it says it is four o'clock and you are tired and nobody has asked how you are.","So now I pause."],"takeaway":"A craving is not a failure of discipline. It is a message in your own handwriting. Read it, and the packet loses its grip.","question":"What is your 4pm craving actually asking for: sour, salty, or something warm from your mother's kitchen?","keywords":["craving care","food psychology","listening to the body","Indian food culture","afternoon crash","midlife women"],"keyword_rationale":"This piece is entirely about reading an afternoon craving through an Indian flavour memory, so craving care, afternoon crash and listening to the body are the vocabulary the post actually earns. Indian food culture and food psychology signal to midlife women and working professionals in India that this is not generic diet content. Using the same terms consistently across posts is how the ranking model learns who my writing is for, which is a discoverability matter, not a reach promise.","hashtags":["#HealthCoach","#FoodPsychology","#MindfulEating","#CravingCare","#TheIndianPlate"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that places the post in the health coaching conversation without overclaiming.","The post is literally about decoding a craving, which is food psychology, not calorie arithmetic.","The turn in the post is a pause before eating, which is what mindful eating means in practice.","My own tag for the craving reading work I teach.","My tag for posts rooted in Indian ingredients and Indian kitchens."],"comment_a":"The jar in my own kitchen wardrobe today is a tamarind rice powder my mother still sends from her stock, and it now goes over eggs as often as over rice. If you want the four questions I run through before I open any packet, tell me here and I will share them. What is the one flavour your afternoon always asks for?","comment_b":"One detail I left out: the first few weeks of doing this, I got the answer wrong often. I would reach for sour and find out it was thirst. Guessing wrong is still practice.","repost_caption":"Reposting this because of a message I got from a woman who said she has been calling herself weak for eleven years. Same craving, different story. The craving was never the problem, the story about it was.","reply_templates":["Thank you for reading it. I am curious though, what time of day does your craving usually turn up?","Good question. In my case it was ghee and eggs at breakfast that quietened the 4pm pull most, because I had been eating almost no fat before noon. That was my body, so please check anything specific with your doctor.","You are right that habit and environment do a lot of the work, I am not pretending otherwise. But in my own experience, naming the flavour I wanted changed the habit faster than fighting it did."],"publish_window":"8:00 to 9:00 AM IST"}