{
  "hook": "I have trained 14,000+ learners across 250+ sessions. All while running hiring for a 50+ member organisation and deploying 100+ educators.",
  "body_lines": [
    "Volume of training is not the credential. Sitting on the deciding side while you train is.",
    "I have read N resumes this month, and here is what employability looks like from my side: it is not about how many sessions you delivered, but how your training changes who gets shortlisted.",
    "The negation ladder: No, counting sessions does not prove impact. No, listing learners does not show quality. No, volume alone does not earn trust. The turn: What earns trust is when your training moves the needle on screening outcomes.",
    "[*sparkle thesis*] The real work of employability training happens when you are also the one deciding who gets hired.",
    "Contrast couplet: You can train thousands and still miss the mark, or you can train fewer and shift the quality of hire—because you see both sides of the table.",
    "Rhetorical self-interrogation: Skepticism. Yes, it is harder to do both, but that is exactly why it is credible.",
    "I have seen how training designed without hiring insight creates noise, not readiness. When you sit on the deciding side, you know what actually moves the ATS, what makes a resume shortlist, and what makes a candidate stand out in interview.",
    "This is not about scaling numbers. It is about scaling relevance—where every session is shaped by what you see failing in real time on your desk."
  ],
  "takeaway": "Your training gains credibility not from how many you reach, but from how deeply you understand who gets hired—and why.",
  "question": "When was the last time your training content changed because you saw a pattern in rejected resumes?",
  "keywords": [
    "AI-native",
    "Head of HR",
    "hiring desk",
    "quality of hire",
    "learning and development",
    "HR leaders"
  ],
  "keyword_rationale": "These terms reflect the dual role of training and hiring decision-making central to the post’s argument. They help the ranking model identify the audience as HR leaders and institutions focused on credible, impact-driven employability work.",
  "hashtags": [
    "#HR",
    "#LearningAndDevelopment",
    "#QualityOfHire",
    "#HRLeaders"
  ],
  "hashtag_notes": [
    "#HR connects to the core audience of people leaders making hiring and development decisions.",
    "#LearningAndDevelopment highlights the training function being discussed through a hiring lens.",
    "#QualityOfHire anchors the post in measurable outcomes, not just activity volume.",
    "#HRLeaders targets the decision-makers who need to evaluate trainer credibility beyond session counts."
  ],
  "comment_a": "I’ve seen trainers share session counts as proof of impact. But when I’m shortlisting, I ask: Did your training change who got through the screen? That’s the real metric. What’s one thing you’ve adjusted in your training after seeing a hiring pattern?",
  "comment_b": "One detail I didn’t include: the 100+ educators I deploy are trained not just in content, but in how to align with what we actually screen for. That alignment is where volume becomes validity.",
  "repost_caption": "Credibility in training doesn’t come from how many you teach—it comes from how well you understand who gets hired. Let’s shift from volume to validity.",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thanks! I’m curious—what’s one hiring insight that’s changed how you design training?",
    "I track shortlist rates pre- and post-training for specific skills. For example, after adjusting resume modules based on ATS rejects, shortlist rates for formatted resumes rose by measurable margin.",
    "You’re right that scale matters for reach—but without hiring insight, scale can just amplify misalignment. I hold that credibility comes from proximity to the decision, not just the delivery."
  ],
  "publish_window": "9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"
}