{"hook":"14,000+ learners across 250+ sessions is the number on my profile.\n\nIt is the least useful number on it.","body_lines":["The useful part: I taught those sessions in the same weeks I was screening for a 50+ member organisation and deploying 100+ educators across programs.","Not a course completion. Not a certificate. Not a deck someone else built.","A trainer who has never shortlisted will teach your students what a good resume looks like.","A trainer who shortlists every week will teach them what a rejected one looks like.","✨ [Volume of training is not the credential. Sitting on the deciding side while you train is.] ✨","Gatekeeping? Fair, and I will concede half of it: brilliant facilitators exist who have never run a hiring cycle.","But someone in that room has to be carrying live hiring accountability, and here is what that actually means:","→ You have read the applications you rejected, not read about them.\n→ You own a mandate, not an opinion.\n→ Your advice gets audited by your own shortlist next Monday.","This is the bar I built the employability skills council on, with 20+ council members at announcement, and I want it to become the boring default for every institution that hires trainers!!"],"takeaway":"Ask your trainers what they decided this month, not how many people they taught last year.","question":"If you run L&D or a placement cell: when did the person training your students last sit on an actual hiring panel?","keywords":["Head of HR","hiring desk","employability","HR leaders","institutions","learning and development"],"keyword_rationale":"This piece is aimed at HR leaders and placement heads, so the vocabulary stays on the buyer side of training: hiring desk, learning and development, institutions. Repeating the same topical terms she uses across her hiring and employability posts helps the ranking model understand who this content is for, which is a relevance signal, not a reach guarantee. The proof terms stay attached to her own verified numbers so the authority claim is checkable.","hashtags":["#HR","#LearningAndDevelopment","#Employability","#TalentAcquisition","#HRLeaders"],"hashtag_notes":["Broad tag that puts the post in front of the people who sign training contracts.","The exact function being challenged here: who institutions hire to train.","Her core topical territory and the outcome institutions are buying.","Signals that the argument comes from the deciding side, not the classroom side.","Audience-side tag, since the ask is institutional enquiries, not learner sign-ups."],"comment_a":"One clarification I could not fit in the post: the 14,000+ figure is learners trained across 250+ sessions, and the 4.8 out of 5 attached to it is a satisfaction rating. It is not a placement number and I will never present it as one. If you evaluate trainers for a college or a company, what is the one question you ask that actually separates the practitioners from the presenters?","comment_b":"A detail from the other side of the desk: the reason live hiring accountability matters is that screening standards move, and a trainer who left the desk three years ago is teaching a version of it that no longer exists. That is not a character flaw, it is just expiry.","repost_caption":"Reposting this for the placement cells and L&D teams shortlisting trainers for the next cycle.\n\nThe question is not how many learners they have trained. It is whether they still carry hiring accountability while they teach.","reply_templates":["Thank you, and I would rather hear your version: what does your organisation currently use to verify that a trainer has real hiring experience?","Specific answer: I ask for the last role they screened for, the rough volume, and one pattern they saw in rejected applications. Vague answers to that third question tell you everything.","You are right that credentials like an AICI certification do not automatically mean someone can hire, and I hold both. My point is narrower: certification proves craft, the desk proves currency, and career advice needs both."],"publish_window":"9:00 to 10:30 AM IST"}