{
  "hook": "Most HR leaders measure training success by hours logged or sessions completed. I measure it by who gets hired — and who stays.",
  "body_lines": [
    "I’ve trained 14,000+ learners across 250+ sessions — but that number means nothing if it doesn’t translate into employability.",
    "Running hiring for a 50+ member organisation while deploying 100+ educators taught me one hard truth: volume is vanity. Impact is the only metric that matters.",
    "When you sit on the deciding side of hiring — reviewing resumes, conducting interviews, making offers — you see the gap between what’s taught and what’s needed.",
    "That’s why I don’t just design training. I co-design it with hiring managers, audit outcomes against real job performance, and iterate based on retention and promotion data.",
    "The credential isn’t the certificate. It’s the job offer. The promotion. The manager who says, ‘This person actually knows how to do the work.’",
    "If your training isn’t closing the skills-to-hire gap, you’re not upskilling — you’re just checking a box.",
    "HR leaders: stop celebrating attendance. Start demanding accountability.",
    "Institutions: stop counting sessions. Start tracking placements.",
    "The future of employability isn’t in more training — it’s in smarter, hiring-aligned training.",
    "And that only happens when the trainer has skin in the game."
  ],
  "takeaway": "True employability training isn’t measured in volume — it’s measured in hires, retention, and performance. If you’re not sitting on the deciding side of hiring while you train, you’re guessing — not guiding.",
  "question": "How do you currently link your training outcomes to actual hiring and promotion metrics?",
  "keywords": [
    "employability training",
    "HR leadership",
    "skills gap",
    "hiring alignment",
    "learning outcomes",
    "talent development",
    "workforce readiness",
    "training ROI",
    "internal mobility",
    "learning and development"
  ],
  "keyword_rationale": "These keywords target HR leaders and institutional decision-makers focused on proving the business impact of L&D. Terms like 'skills gap', 'hiring alignment', and 'training ROI' reflect the core argument — that training must be tied to talent outcomes. 'Employability training' and 'workforce readiness' position the post as forward-thinking, while 'internal mobility' and 'talent development' speak to retention and growth — key concerns for HR leaders navigating tight labor markets.",
  "hashtags": [
    "#HRLeadership",
    "#LearningAndDevelopment",
    "#Employability",
    "#SkillsGap",
    "#TalentDevelopment",
    "#TrainingROI",
    "#WorkforceReadiness",
    "#HiringAlignment",
    "#L&DInnovation",
    "#FutureOfWork"
  ],
  "hashtag_notes": [
    "#HRLeadership targets the core audience directly.",
    "#LearningAndDevelopment is broad but essential for reach in the L&D community.",
    "#Employability is the central theme and differentiates from generic training posts.",
    "#SkillsGap and #HiringAlignment reinforce the post’s contrarian, data-driven stance.",
    "#TrainingROI speaks to HR leaders under pressure to justify L&D spend.",
    "#WorkforceReadiness and #TalentDevelopment connect to institutional goals.",
    "#L&DInnovation and #FutureOfWork position the author as a thought leader.",
    "Avoids overused tags like #HR or #Leadership to maintain specificity and authority."
  ],
  "comment_a": "This is exactly the shift we need. I’ve seen too many ‘certificate factories’ where learners finish programs but can’t pass a basic technical screen. When we started requiring trainers to sit in on hiring panels for the roles they’re training for, our placement rates jumped 40% in six months. It’s not about more content — it’s about relevant content, validated by the people who hire.",
  "comment_b": "Love this. As a university career services director, I’ve pushed for years to get faculty to co-design modules with employers. Resistance is high — ‘we’re academics, not vocational trainers.’ But the data doesn’t lie: students who complete employer-co-designed modules are 3x more likely to get hired in-field. Isshita, how do you convince academic stakeholders that this isn’t ‘dumbing down’ — it’s raising the bar?",
  "repost_caption": "Reframing the metrics that matter in employability training. If you’re not seeing the hiring outcomes, you’re not training — you’re just hosting sessions.",
  "reply_templates": [
    "Thanks for sharing — this resonates deeply. We’ve seen the same disconnect in our programs. How do you suggest balancing academic rigor with hiring relevance when faculty push back?",
    "Great point about sitting on the deciding side. Have you found specific ways to integrate hiring manager feedback into curriculum design without slowing down development cycles?",
    "This challenges the status quo in a necessary way. What’s one small step HR leaders can take this quarter to start aligning training with real hiring outcomes?",
    "I love the focus on retention and promotion — not just placement. How do you track long-term impact beyond the first hire?",
    "Your experience running hiring while training gives you rare credibility. How do you structure your time to stay close to both functions without burning out?",
    "The ‘volume vs. impact’ tension is real. Have you seen institutions successfully shift from counting sessions to tracking employability metrics?",
    "This is the kind of thinking that’ll define the next era of L&D. Do you have a framework or checklist you use to audit training for hiring alignment?",
    "As someone who’s built hiring-aligned programs, what’s the biggest myth you’ve seen about what makes training ‘effective’?"
  ],
  "publish_window": "Tuesday–Thursday, 8:00–10:00 AM or 1:00–3:00 PM local time (when HR leaders are most likely to be planning or reviewing talent strategy)"
}